rfc: add rfc for framework migration (#653)
alibaba/pipcook: docs/rfc/0001-framework.md

> - Start Date: 2020-11-25

Reviewer: 0001-framework-migration?

- Target Major Version: 2.0
- Reference Issues: (leave this empty)
- Implementation PR: (leave this empty)
- Author: @FeelyChau

# Summary

> We have accumulated a lot of debt in the iteration process in Pipcook 1.0, and hope to solve these problems in 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have accumulated a lot of debt in the iteration process in Pipcook 1.x, and hope to solve these problems in 2.0.
```

```js
// ava
import test from 'ava';
import * as fs from 'fs-extra';
import * as sinon from 'sinon';
import { shuffle } from './public';

test('array shuffle', (t) => {
  const array = [ 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ];
  shuffle(array);
  t.notDeepEqual(array, [ 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ]);
  t.deepEqual(array.sort(), [ 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ]);
});

// serial hook
test.serial.afterEach(() => {
  sinon.restore();
});

// serial case
test.serial('test a', (t) => {
  const fsReadJsonMock = sinon.stub(fs, 'readJson').resolves({});
  t.deepEqual(await fs.readJson('mockFileName.json'), {});
});

test.serial('test b', (t) => {
  const fsReadJsonMock = sinon.stub(fs, 'readJson').resolves(undefined);
  t.is(await fs.readJson('mockFileName.json'), undefined);
});

test.todo('some todo cases');
```

```js
// jasmine
import { shuffle } from './public';

describe('public utils', () => {
  it('test if the array is shuffled', () => {
    const array = [ 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ];
    shuffle(array);
    expect(array).not.toEqual([ 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ]);
    expect(array.sort()).toEqual([ 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ]);
  });
}
```

## Integration test

> The integration test of pipbook 1.0 depends on the workflow configuration file. In a strict sense, this is not a rigorous integration testing method and hard to maintain. In addition, we do not assert any of the running process except exit code. This situation will be improved in pipbook 2.0 as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration test of 1.0 depends on the workflow configuration file. In a strict sense, this is not a rigorous integration testing method and hard to maintain. In addition, we do not assert any of the running processes except exit code. This situation will be improved in 2.0 as follows:
```

* define integration test cases

> * use or develop an intergration test framework suitable for pipbook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* use or develop an integration test framework suitable for Pipcook
```

* extend the run environment

# Framework migration for Daemon

The framework of daemon will be moved from the original framework to `loopback 4` for the following reasons:

* automatic code generation capability
* framework maturity: the version of typescript cannot be configured in the original framework, resulting in the overall size of the pipbook package unable to be trimmed, and the test framework is constrained and cannot be switched

> * internationalization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* i18n
```
